Update the Terms and Conditions for the Scrum document (#399)
thoth-station/core: docs/TermsAndConditionsForTheScrum.md

Tasks are tracked as GitHub issues. Issues are created by anyone in the
community, including the team and the users of the Thoth service.

Issues are assigned to persons (they become an assignee of the issue) when a
person picks up the card and starts working on it (pulls it into the ‘in
progress’ list).

An Issue must meet minimum [quality standards](#quality) before it can be worked.

We have a list of [Github Projects](https://github.com/orgs/thoth-station/projects) to cluster issues into contexts, there is no hard requirement that all issues must not be on a project, some of them can just stay
within a repository.

Issues are managed on GitHub, we use [labels](../community/labels.md).

Issues can belong to one of Thoth's [Special Interest Groups (SIGs)](../community/sig-list.md). These should have the corresponding `sig/` label and be tracked in the corresponding SIG's project.

# Issue triage

Everyone is encouraged to assist in making sure every issue meets good quality standards, starting with the person who creates the issue.

The process of issue triaging involves making sure that the issues have enough quality.

> Ultimately, SIGs are resposible of ensuring that the issues relevant to their SIGs have an adequate quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ultimately, SIGs are responsible for ensuring that the issues relevant to their SIGs have an adequate quality.
```

|           21 | Impossible for a sprint. Task is too big, break into smaller tasks                  | Extreme - Should not be in a sprint    | High. Team has no idea. Create a spike                                  | The story takes significant effort and will require more than one sprint to complete |

# Issue life cycle

New issues are [triaged](#triage) by the team. This activity is driven by the
[Special Interest Groups (SIGs)](../community/sig-list.md) and contributors, and
coordinated in the [sprint meetings](#sprint).

When the team considers that an issue is well understood (i.e. has [good quality](#quality)) and it fits within the scope of the project, the issue gets labeled as `triage/accepted`. If there are missing details that prevent that, a `triage/needs-information` is added.

When the assignee starts to work on an issue, the issue is labeled `lifecycle/active`.

<a name="requirements"></a>
## Requirements for issues to be planned

An issue must meet the following criteria before it can be planned:

- have an assignee
- be `triage/accepted`
- have a defined priority that is aligned with the sprint goals

> Feature requests (`type/feature`) must also have:

Reviewer 2: type or kind?

Author: good catch, thanks. It is `kind/feature` indeed
